Require west 0.6.0 (#17714)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/guides/west/build-flash-debug.rst

individual runner implementations are in other submodules, such as
``runners.nrfjprog``, ``runners.openocd``, etc.

Hacking
*******

> This section contains documentation the ``runners.core`` module used by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section documents the ``runners.core`` module used by the
```
